Fix: in PHP 8.0 method NumericHelper::normalize throws error for floa… (#43)
yiisoft/strings: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.1.1 under development

- Enh #40: Use `str_starts_with()` and `str_ends_with()` if available (viktorprogger)

> - Fix: in PHP 8.0 method `NumericHelper::normalize` throws error for `float` or `int` values (vjik)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug #43: `NumericHelper::normalize` throws an error for `float` or `int` values in PHP 8 (vjik)
```

Author: Thanks!
